loading encoding from ../data/encoding/both/.indexs
|Current context| 1 of 8
 {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 4, 'NUM_LAYERS': 4, 'DFF': 256}
You can love a person dear to you with a human love for the happiness with the Tsar’ s noble person,  and they would not have been handsome, ”  thought he,  “ and that is,  I am sure. . . ”  “ I am not afraid of him, ”  said Pierre.  “ He is a Freemason, ”  he went on,  growing up.  “ That is the sort of thing I shall surrounded by ladies accomplished that speech. ”  “ Shall you know it? ”  “ Oh,  yes, ”  he replied,  with a smile.  “ Yes,  yes, ”  he said,  “ that’ s a very good fellow. ”  “ Well,  and what of bad business? ”  “ If you decided he had to go, ”  he continued,  “ but I must apologize,  but. . . . . ”  “ I should like to know, ”  said the prince.  “ I know that nothing about it. . . . ”  “ I shall be very well, ”  said he,  “ I have no more to say. ”  “ I was that the countess is in her bad way. ”  “ And I should like to know, ”  he added,  “ and I have a little while you were pleased, ”  and he continued.  “ And I have not been at all surprised by your opinion of Barclay’ s happiness. ”  “ I cannot say that the Emperor Alexander has greatly improved France was over Long;  so fortified him gaily as scarcely able to come in under the grace of that head,  and which he had never seen before him before.  He was entirely

It is a truth universally acknowledged. ”  “ If I seem to notice the Austrian general apected that Russian prince not a single man who has fallen in love of the Tsar. ”  “ Was not so much the matter? ”  asked the adjutant.  “ The Russian army,  your excellency, ”  replied the adjutant.  “ Will you be fetched some command it five you at once? ”  “ Your Majesty at the headlam of the Pávlograd hussars,  and as if they are examining us,  the attacks all the squadron, ”  said the Emperor,  turning to the officer who gazed at him.  “ I know that right, ”  he said.  “ I am not afraid of being so stronglyits the. ”  “ The Emperor! ”  exclaimed Kutúzov,  and he bowed voices.  “ The people are talking about to,  Count, ”  he said,  “ I can’ t advise you to. ”  “ Don’ t keep my company for that evening. ”  “ You mustn’ t forget the commissariat depart. ”  “ Hussencing negots the corps and bring something off to ten,  and as if to a hundred rubles,  while from the soldiers were going round the Russian battery,  firing was crouched,  and guns,  at the first shot was it so ped and suddenly beginning.  The foggadeful of the position when it was on first of the French ran into the field of Borodinó to the left flank,  and the French were running down their hill.  “ Now then,  now we must ask the general and turn out sharpening crowd out before the battle,  we must fight,  and we may say:  we must fight,  we must

check the logs and the fact that he himself on the other side of the table,  and that he was dead,  and that he smelled by the burning of Russia,  and that he would never have had to die a dim consciousness of state in the frightened and he died.  The French had thrown uprost.  The whole morning of the head chief pricements only took his contempt and steepskirts,  the cockm - rence of edge of the meadays.  The Pávlograds are stationed here beside the routine and Saviour —  that is to rascality and heaven help and wounded and wounded,  and wounded and wounded men,  and the wounded traveled with their strength atone,  the force of all who had time,  having ridden about two near the first and,  with a man in a strange light,  unfamiliar locality,  and love,  as he had done in seeing the Emperor’ s exoterate to Krems.  In the dueration of a certain Frenchman,  the wounded man was driven back to the regiment.  The horse swungarming down by the drones of the cannon and the men,  when he entered,  the battery had already fired continually increasing into its ever —  the same.  He saw the bridge fired in his attitude toward him.  “ Here it is! ”  he shouted.  “ What’ s that? ”  he asked again,  addressing the soldier,  and gaily,  grew still more cheerful and animated.  “ It is not that the French are blue French? ”  said the Frenchman,  smiling gaily and proudly,  with his bagard -  glittered.  “ And I’ ve found it in Moscow. ”  “ Oh

|Current context| 2 of 8
 {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 4, 'NUM_LAYERS': 4, 'DFF': 512}
You can love a person dear to you with a human love, ”  she said to herself,  “ for my sake,  to believe us in Hunsford,  is bright and steady,  and lords a word and violent sources of varied way into wisdom and pitied people.  As to one formerly and tranquil in thought.  The whole time of these kinds now we have kept separate into animals again,  and so on what is to doing.  After her other several years of his life,  the pictures,  and fastened in consequence of her features,  health,  and voice and manner of expressinges.  “ How pleasant it is, ”  he added after a pause,  “ that we should be offend by such a sight of how many of them, ”  he added,  “ that I should never dare to do so. ”  “ You should not think about it. ”  “ I am not afraid of him or plwe us how to do it. ”  “ You might be forward very much to your return. ”  “ Thank God, ”  said Wickham too much,  “ if he does not mean to be deceived in his. ”  “ That is not a man. ”  “ Oh,  yes, ”  said Elizabeth drily “ and so good, ”  ( she meant by that, )  “ and to be sure,  I hope there is not to be lived for half so much happiness,  and the whole of my dear cousin’ s asking him that I am sure. ”  “ Mais,  yes,  I will, ”  replied Elizabeth,  “ I am sure,  if I had not been in Hertfordshire;  and,  if,  I should not have

It is a truth universally acknowledged,  and even if she could be jealous of the time.  She could not make her understand the marriage,  she had not only to believe her how much she liked it.  She was not only tormented by the demands of happiness.  They consisted of a nature by persons with the elder one by no means and Miss Bennets were partners to her sister;  and Mr.  Collins was not decidedly engaged to her,  in favour grew so well aware that it,  was not to blame;  and,  as they approached the post was filled not cairs,  and,  as she could easily account for the want of money and that he was already known from him,  and that she was the only creature who was clearly,  and definitely accepted.  He spoke little,  as she had mentioned that she had been to love with her,  she turned almost as much to herself.  But there was not enough to hear her;  and she was not afraid of judging properly differently;  and Elizabeth pressed for the daughter’ s sake of saying much more;  “ She is a very agreeable and, ”  said Jane,  “ I dare say. ”  “ I hope you will not leave you. ”  “ I dare say Mr.  Darcy is not often wise in anything. ”  “ Oh,  no,  you must feel it;  but this is a man.  I am sure you will not know him. ”  “ You are not angry that he has not to wait till he came himself. ”  “ Yes,  I must not put it off. ”  “ And do you really think it is very strange, ”  said Mrs.  Bennet,  “ that you should think so? ”  “ Oh,  no, ” 

check the logs and braits of seventy quarters of the innkeeper’ s -  waved ( now he glanced at the shed in his face always white sat in his former white shirt) .  “ What is it?  What is it?  What is it?  What is this?  What is this?  What is needed for? ”  he asked himself.  “ Oh,  yes! ”  exclaimed Rostopchín,  and burst into tears.  “ If you’ re wrong! ”  Pierre did not ask for a moment askance concerning.  The people bew should think that no one has talked and capable of victorious duel,  and that this was essential condition.  “ Hard est m army is burning and some? ”  he asked.  “ I am not afraid of coming. ”  “ I won’ t,  my dear fellow, ”  said Pierre,  looking at the faces of the same question about the reserves,  and he had already reflected in the hussar uniform and the post of the year;  but Pierre was not seized with his hand.  “ Ah,  my dear fellow! ”  he said,  with a smile,  evidently preparing to greet the first door for familiarity and then turning his head,  he saw Bolkónski while he was reading the letter of recommended to him,  who had just courage,  stopped him.  “ No,  mon dear fellow, ”  said Prince Vasíli in an olderous voice,  “ that’ s a true civilian gentleman’ s wife? ”  “ I have a talk with him? ”  asked Pierre,  but the princess begged him to answering her intended question,  joining in the same state of smile.  “ How is it you’ re not in? 

|Current context| 3 of 8
 {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 4, 'DFF': 256}
You can love a person dear to you with a human love so much,  and for the rest,  Mr.  Bingley himself,  much could understand him.  He could not think it right to do so.  But he knew he must not be long enough.  She seldom listened to anybody for the carriage himself,  and he told her all day,  and would not go on to the same sort of thing.  Jane had already written a few minutes to her sister.  “ If she asked me, ”  said she,  “ to yourself you may consent to my hours of my stay in Hertfordshire.  Be quite great that you are to be deduced by a great readericenture of the younger daughters,  to make them all like if she might have a great deal of curiosity;  make it a manner so long we know such a thing,  that I am inclined to hear such an ill application.  If he wishes to me,  I hope,  that I may safeguise him in the whole course of my intercourse visit, ”  and,  though not a word,  was absolutely resolved to safeguise us that utter Your Majesty,  at Painful scruple whatever might have passed between communication in the Squal of the Emperor’ s sister’ s sister’ s letter.  It was evident that Prince Andrew had expected of him,  however,  to feel the result of his own progress through the study was also opened a boluteonnant of theored term revealed.  They did not at the small group see the day of the late possessor in any case disgarail.  Monday,  who had been informed of the army was a comrade.  A week ran out “ The Pávlograd hussars.  Spene,  to the village to Sload. ”  When once taking

It is a truth universally acknowledged,  that the people is lotted with the rest of a ruler,  but a crowner,  that the peasants of the real value of paper money arise had increased combinations,  in which these doubts was really no longer unlike.  With this interestful refinals,  which few eventually did not give imagination.  Julie had actually pleased to their proposals,  to join up with her father,  and half a pound up,  and a most prelious tone.  She had known that the all Moscow her father’ s persuasions would not wish to disappoint her.  At for the sake of finding only one,  tells unto the few months were sitting in the front of those who fancy in the front,  beside her,  indissoletoned his daughter’ s heart at My sister and sicked-  directed against him.  “ What!  I do with your old parents,  who,  who,  to whom he is giving uplook his son with him a convoy officer on duty.  So you will starting on the hill at the village of Kámenka, ”  got his calèche,  suddenly opened his trade.  “ We’ ll pass it off! ”  shouted the red -  haired,  mounted man in a gray overcoat.  This morning crowd was visible in a sleepy gambler.  “ That’ s a clean -  shaven field, ”  said an artilleryman’ s horse;  a black one guns,  which crept by a like a shak on its saddle and,  bursting into one side of the fire.  The French,  noisily opened out and the jolting the farther between the hill and a red -  haired commander of the borzois and the borzois stucky side horses

check the logs and were not at them.  “ They’ re all wives or children’ s one’ s men killed a man;  take part in a battle what does it. ”  “ Why so? ”  “ Why,  all about sixteen, ”  said the smile,  “ there was a battle at Pakhrá to suve it, ”  said Nicholas.  In a moment it was quiet and unexpected happiness Pierre with his nearness to his sister had fallen,  and felt that it was just then all strange to look at him.  He felt that it seemed to him that he was not a doubt.  He screwed up his heart,  that an arch dog,  and behind him,  in reality,  and for a year later,  he fell asleep to enter that day,  Nicholas no longer,  Natásha betoended to condole him,  or it would not be,  but it would not be believed to immortherniable.  Withinal experience of power,  and the three priests who were over,  Meryton once about half the day was dance,  had been set on solid that shelters the conversation would have the greatest priests;  and some portmante,  called Nicholas a few in the Rostóvs’ son.  Pierre went to the Berg’ s further to see their daughter on the old ladies’ an they had once noticed.  “ Uncle”  himself returned to the customary lady to the Rostóvs’ and she had before had a stern wife’ s.  “ And that’ s all is, ”  she said.  “ Yes,  she’ s fastulous;  for she’ s married!  I could hardly have a very real character,  but I cannot express her mind.  She is quite well.  She

|Current context| 4 of 8
 {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 4, 'DFF': 512}
You can love a person dear to you with a human love,  as one se’ s cure! ”  said another,  “ Mr.  Bennet,  that you have not the comfort of thinking a battle. ”  “ Yes, ”  replied the other,  “ that you had a good time for,  very good and your excellency? ”  asked the general.  “ They ought to have them retreated. ”  “ Yes,  it was the third daydream;  your partners!  I could not be angry at having seen too on.  He lets do so.  Heavens his fellow came to them and to take all your family away to have been more than courage than the low ground. . . . ”  “ It’ s impossible, ”  replied the princess,  “ they have to ask too little for the courage of the princess,  —  “ wouldn’ t have been afraid of it.  And I am afraid of you, ”  said Anna Pávlovna,  as they raised the capitals under the heads of the others,  blundered their heads in the crowd.  “ They have all wightly sought an egothequally great man’ s inclinations and le on the head. ”  The princess blushed and went with tears.  “ There is just the one who has hit me in Moscow, ”  said Anna Pávlovna.  “ And who is going to Petersburg,  my dear princess! ”  “ Oh,  my dear,  these terrible and roofs,  and fences of this intriguard agedavernement! ”  The princess saw the pale and deac;  hunching,  and singing that peace was already being sent for Kutúzov to arill,  who was asleep, 

It is a truth universally acknowledged,  the Father Convenine.  She will show what you do,  Anna Pávlovna Schéreral she grabbedience,  is my niece, ”  the princess went on with her kind eyes startled.  “ I have heard nothing of it but what it is in the habit of stopping to say writing so? ”  “ Oh,  without anything! ”  said Pierre,  giving mute.  “ Kuzmínading the peasant —  later, ”  returned Prince Vasíli,  smiling.  “ It’ s such very bad, ”  said the little man,  “ just a chère,  there was nothing to be married,  and everything here is spreading, ”  said Pierre.  Prince Vasíli did not reply,  any more remarkable man but remained silent.  “ They can’ t talk so about such a guards!  One can’ t think so. ”  “ Oh,  do you know, ”  said Pierre.  “ I understand that he is so long since he is always used to be. . . . ”  Pierre interrupted him.  “ But why talk of me? ”  he suddenly said,  as if asking.  “ We were Italian talked about you, ”  he said he,  “ Yes,  but it is they led him back into the hall. ”  He was awaken,  and so it would then be some time for discussed at having passed through his mind he began at once recalled priests and a sense of deal with these words Pierre enter the Council of making dealing athandomes.  The two elder ones particularlyate with one already.  Again Pierre looked into one mirth among his people at the future sister,  and the members of

check the logs were to be rested and not to all sides.  The creditors came to her from her eyes,  though her shining with her sister -  shone in her eyes,  and seemed ready most radiant look,  joy.  On the day,  an agitated face,  and brighter face,  both eyes and glittered with self -  possession.  “ I love such a woman! ”  said the Mason,  looking not yet more at Pierre but straight.  “ But do not imagine that a man who has now? ”  said Pierre,  in a voice consciousness of misunderstandings.  “ Yes,  it seems,  that eternal, ”  and thoughts and the criminals did that man ( without removing anything)  he appre into sobs) ,  but he noticed that the glowel continued his story content and knew —  at the moment of making him merchant’ sder of which unsaken it were conflicted.  all theout and silent a crime of pour was the hundred thousand serfs —  as old as often one -  in -  law and failed.  But the other people were still whom the chief steward tried to choose to give up his hand for Rostopchín’ s clever;  and the angry old count’ s voice were saying that the youngest he would be riot?  He took in his hand and kissed it.  “ Yes,  I will, ”  said the countess.  “ You’ re not even more like that,  my dear. . . . ”  “ And it’ s not true. ”  “ I am sure of it. . . . ”  Natásha began to laugh.  “ Oh,  very

|Current context| 5 of 8
 {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 4, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 256}
You can love a person dear to you with a human love of us for you, ”  continued Mrs.  Gardiner,  “ I am not to blame for not to blame all;  in replyway I shall merely for such words:  I know Mr.  Collins,  who I believe it.  I am not to be happy by him. ”  Elizabeth’ s feelings had no ears intention of propon’ s rash for.  Till the next he is asking whether he intended to come to.  Do not know none? ”  “ Oh,  my dear, ”  replied the coachman.  “ My dear, ”  replied he,  and sat downily in the drawing room.  “ I have the honor to bring it to him if I ought to have another such a thing, ”  said he,  and went on with a quiet voice.  “ Well,  if you’ re here, ”  he said,  and suddenly,  turning to a man who was going to say.  “ Vill you,  Prince, ”  said he,  “ is it true that I am being must have been taken away by the Emperor,  and from the very next day we had a second time to know what is in military life.  But in spite of this is not so much,  for which the Emperor has not seized it and be King of Prussia.  You know I am to know Him,  and I will not pray for God for myself,  but I like to deceive me alone.  You think it for me to know the Emperor personally to a letter in my presence you, ”  she concluded,  laying out of the window and leaning over.  When he had read thus that letter to Princess Mary that little Nicholas had said to him,  “ I am not only to see and I am the most uncomfortable.  I

It is a truth universally acknowledged,  and that the aim of life of necessity will be arbitrarily selected from the event not shaped lightly of joy for its possibility.  The first part of the events that day he only wanted to see him,  but some accidental meeting,  others like the old count’ s ball,  was a sum,  in general habit,  and was eagerly succeeded in what Catherine the part occurred.  The business was evaded.  The whole surmises,  formed a sharp,  palace not almost always appearing to each other guests.  Count Ilyá Rostóv,  by the members of the committee sat Peter and the guerrierrierrier’ s back,  to the first accompanying the other side of the other chape andapegrity seemed to bu folly.  More than once in reply to M.  deftes of gray horses were already visible in the damp,  Weyrother slipped up in the ground.  By lawless,  the sunshine eyes of our men,  recognizing Pierre,  moved offers into the distance to him,  and bent double rags and with a pieroon on the ground beneath which he stood still.  Count Ilyá Rostóv,  who was living in retirement at the village of grain —  and the division Karp might be able to find out,  Túshin in reply to the officers’ account of what it was then they knew for permission previously and what they had seen for four hours after they were talking when they were to call at the left behind and began speaking.  “ How’ s it all written to Colonel Forster to inform you that day? ”  “ B increased, ”  said he.  “ ' Ha,  ha,  ha,  ha! ’ wrigging! ”  laughed

check the logs of the basis of the matter overf asked him whether he had been some time abroad.  Pierre answered the bufficers with a hood and cordial pity at the Tsar.  He did not believe it and did not believe it.  He felt that he was in his place and that he was being caught by the arm of a man,  who would pass and advised Pierre by Zdrzhin and was being fulfill?  He was seized by an aloof of its spirit.  Natásha was still different from him.  He was particularly anxious and confused,  glanced at his father and,  who was finishing his second time and did not reply.  Pierre tried to excuse this,  evidently not to believe either.  But death did not reply,  to questions and especially to him,  and he knew so on.  He was silent awhile,  and then went into the middle of the room.  It was an unexpected criticisive,  but suddenly struck Pierre as a pound weight on his seems as if nast probability of life it was inevitable to be realized:  he did not because he was there.  He knew that when he did not even speak,  he did not know how to hand it.  “ Nothing but misfortune can come continually about as this. . . ”  Prince Andrew did not reply,  but Prince Andrew knew that it would be difficult to get in spite of an officer’ s wound and loamp ec body.  The doctor told him something had left behind him.  He was told that he was dying of hesitating,  but something had happened to speak in his mind.  He was conscious that he was as a man who was now,  on the contrary he was now silent.  After dinner he went silently to his daughter,  and with her husbandlike,  as if asking him whether

|Current context| 6 of 8
 {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 4, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512}
You can love a person dear to you with a human love and respectable,  and not to admit that self -  reflecting on in it as if she did not trust herself.  But as soon as she was alone to act,  she had now two men at least learnt to some one of the ladies.  She had a very great deal of inquiry,  so near a tear economerical,  poetic in comparisonment,  so early the perfection of 1813hies or his feastingness,  nor would have told him the story of the catafletal.  He was confident how his looks and how much the matter was in the subordinate,  but which was just what he had been saying when he learned to another day.  His face was so cheerful,  and his voice was dimly seen that all was worthless and even unpleasant.  He could not see at all the time when he spoke of the self -  conscious pleasure of his father’ s illness,  and of his death —  and the possibility of death.  He felt himself still more irritable.  His position and his future activity,  which,  held his whole life,  and his whole life —  and his whole life —  with death —  the possibility of death —  the welfare of death —  the death of the vicissed boys and those fields to death,  and during the six months they had now knew that were presented to him as the envoy hurrying them —  a flounding round and a man —  moved a man on his way to build a house on his bank of the neck.  As  “ Leppich is singing a hundred tour of panilgrim, ”  he pointed to the French who was talking loudly and then more incessantly to the Russians.  The Russians and they crossed

It is a truth universally acknowledged,  that a girl who had neither witnessed.  Not till then came to call up the militia,  they were kept out,  the clergy,  and which praise where.  Lasted Belóva had fallen with the Emperor would not be completed on the front;  a soldier was sitting in the leather like a dog.  Dunyásha enfantsarging abbés,  and a few domestics were influenced by the traveers in their army and the traveler,  the manushes as though not his elbows on the game.  “ Why this is calculated? ”  asked Nicholas.  “ Because I have noticed that something should happen? ”  “ Yes,  but it will be so, ”  answered Sónya,  trying to speak but remember.  “ I don’ t want to, ”  said Natásha.  “ Let us talk.  I don’ t want to you all.  I want to. ”  “ Let me say that you are cross for me! ”  “ I’ ll sacrifice everything and I’ ll have to put out my ruin. ”  “ And I’ ll show you,  your honor, ”  said the Frenchman,  and holding on the shawlass with his mustache.  “ Morel! ”  “ C’ est unlucky.  It is delightful! ”  “ It is not!  They say so, ”  wanted Nicholas to himself,  but Natásha interrupted him.  “ What is it? ”  “ She has a blessing,  and so happy! ”  “ Of course she will! ”  “ I don’ t, ”  and she’ s married!  Tver never mind what

check the logs and of the serfs’ .  “ Well,  I’ ll tell you what a very important matter! ”  said the count,  giving his hand to his bald head shining in dissatisfaction and impiscent,  his purpose.  “ What,  Count? ”  asked the count.  “ He is in danger? ”  “ And what against him?  His will? ”  “ Because he is young,  and the coming outburst! ”  “ I am all the same, ”  said Rostóv.  “ What a delightful woman all the baby. ”  “ Ask her husband, ”  answered,  and a footman.  “ It’ s all the same. . . . ”  “ What? ”  asked Daniel Teréntich,  who had hitherto been silent,  was silent,  and when did suddenly from the morosely pretty little town,  Natásha came in to see him.  She was looking at him,  evidently looking with a smile of fever.  “ It will not do for you as well. ”  “ No,  I’ ll do it, ”  Natásha concluded.  “ Then I won’ t let you go! ”  She glanced at the countess and seeing her master’ s goat and smiling.  “ You’ ll go to the child? ”  asked the cook to a fourth.  “ Come along! ”  said she.  “ Do you know,  I am going to look for the princess’ eyes.  She is very pretty,  but I’ m so happy and timidly when you are watching. ”  “ Yes,  and what of that? ”  “ Why

|Current context| 7 of 8
 {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 256}
You can love a person dear to you with a human love and duty to destroy him as a man as to marry your friend as to marry her,  is very ill.  You may,  have had such men as you my friend, ”  she went on,  “ that my father would not be married!  My wife is so melancholy.  Till I lift him but I do not understand.  But what is meant for? ”  Prince Vasíli did not know.  “ I don’ t know what a millionot attempt at present,  but there’ s not on all sides, ”  said the interpregnery till no further loss with evident intention of anger,  and the count’ s efforts there moved and blocking the way to Moscow,  beside the fire,  and all that was unpleasant feeling was dying by both those of self -  satisfaction that had been dare not make him die before his eyes.  He had never been in his eyes and in spite of the dullest she was,  most attentive and hurried,  merely indifferent to herself.  He solved the question that tormented him and the abbé,  to gratify herself,  was fully confirmation of a scene before tears,  and was unconsciously convinced that she was no longer in the same way of examining pleasure.  “ I. . . ”  said Prince Andrew when he had gone from the book he had begun toain in utmost and which was more offended at the door.  “ As bearing my Charlotte’ s,  I will there be no more for my sake. ”  “ I will talk of having a long time Prince Andrew today at my station, ”  said the son with a familiar voice,  “ is that it is not too young,  so young,  that is the absence of the society”  —  “ I,  and

It is a truth universally acknowledged,  but I will have had to relate. ”  “ And you,  cousin? ”  “ I have now quite turned up learning a leader, ”  said the Mason,  “ and that is his natural self -  forgetfulness.  I always medals,  and can’ t live to see them.  I am all up frankly —  that’ s the way he had wished to,  to do good -  natured,  amie in his heart and tried to werthics. . . .  So I told them all. ”  “ No, ”  said Pierre,  and began to tell Lise.  “ Yes,  yes,  I do understand from, ”  he said to himself,  and went to the little of his usual daughters.  The countess called Borís and girls greeted the day.  “ Borís says Nicholas can’ t, ”  ( he meant that business with his mother “ his son is an angle wrong he,  but if he would not have put it on the honor of his son’ s old gentleman’ s son.  “ Good -  by! ”  said she.  “ Well,  and so. . . ”  “ Oh,  only devil knows what this would be? ”  “ I like it, ”  replied Prince Andrew.  “ It is clear the ' twks me’ it!  Well their knocking it up with tears. ”  “ Why,  this nasty, ”  said the captain.  When Pierre ran forward,  thought he returned to the general,  much more than once he had but the care of this world for a reminiscences.  After dinner

check the logs and the serfs and men of men and women’ s vehicles and men crowded closer together.  One of vehicles and gets moved closer together.  The longer they shouted the freshly different horses,  wonderfully one trodden and games together,  as they were all strang down and puffed up the difficult but clear in the same way.  “ Shall I like your report,  Mamónov’ s battle will be lost. ”  “ Oh,  thank God! ”  cried Prince Andrew in a piercing voice.  “ In Moscow to promise,  I did not Russia! ”  he said,  evidently unable to understand what was being carried out,  and unable to believe this explanation:  he in Russian bay voice,  “ the first trusted M,  and I did not leave you in my benefactor, ”  said he.  “ There now,  Rostóv,  you are so dizzy!  But the hussars and war has justice. . . .  Oh,  how terrible!  But if only I have asked the sovereign eloquent counted me up to the police.  In the yard at eight had gone.  The men were all strains of the nobility,  and their men had friends for all right.  They could not let them see him —  let him be the food and Dólokhov. . .  That manage Pétya was even glad and even of it.  He treated him with the gross of the window cot.  “ I shall not be talking about till I’ m after all, ”  he replied.  When he got out from the to his intention of age.  “ Is not like this to be warriors,  service this senseless,  and shows on the Russian army sh

|Current context| 8 of 8
 {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512}
You can love a person dear to you with a human love. ”  “ Oh,  my dear, ”  cried Mrs.  Gardiner,  “ I wish you could be seen.  The most people wish of them.  They may,  that is overwhelmed with other bodies and whic of the threepes. ” reshed Darcy,  however,  he could hear a words from one who was looking at the other,  and at the same time,  “ and at the very great deal of night.  On the contrary,  he has lost a little man,  but have no clear to him, ”  she said,  with a cold glance at her sister -  in -  law.  “ I never saw a woman coming in.  I was higher up. ”  “ Yes,  it is a beautiful light.  I want to be clear something,  but between you I want to know what it is, ”  said the stranger.  When Natásha ran out of the room she caught sight of a frightened and,  taking her eyes to have a smile of pleasure,  her face,  Nicholas smiling when she saw his usual and feeling of shame in vain and disagreeable,  to get his wife —  that she had not been so young,  and Sónya,  and Natásha had the mortification of Sónya,  of seeing Mary with just such a question to come to her about her upstairs.  Two grown brilliant expressed their treaties and children,  a secret of an hussar’ s health,  an old girl and an old girl who talked about his friendship.  Nicholas,  all the same,  comfortable,  and all these people had appeared in an invalible misfortune,  one of a most solemn old,  fine young man,  with a man of amiable qualities.  He was admitted to that in the ranks,

It is a truth universally acknowledged,  but I don’ t believe it. ”  “ A great deal more than in Russian, ”  their spirit,  and hoped that no less than the man could sit by them.  But neither could the resolute more important impression his face,  despite the whole trepidation of his actions,  the more he rode round to the right,  the pulse and the cheap,  tunches myself on him for the forest,  and over the village Elder.  The general was still as a commanders of genius as best commanders asows of actions the Sparrow to well.  If the moment of a battle of victory gained a little need,  where strange secl General Würgw Bolkónski was occupied by the French, ”  and outburst that news was repeatedly formed.  The news of the battle of Borodinó was a victory.  They were taken place at the right time in that other that other fighting were more important than sixteen and all,  to the left,  and to the right across the river by the road.  “ Lieutenant,  I have a look at you, ”  said the adjutant.  “ In my opinion perpetual peace is crimes to right.  We rises right.  I tell you,  two,  three,  and three guests -  six inches while I put them to be private.  Oh,  where the next day the young Prince Vasíli,  the group was a tall,  fair,  and finally so. . . ”  “ Ah,  yes!  A man who’ s a thing!  With such precision,  to his cousin,  he died in a year -  room and lay down on the ground,  like a bird tree.  Opass voice,  when

check the logs and snorted,  and wolves on the cold,  motionless.  There was a terrible significance of him,  from the cold lilgrace among the French,  which struck him in so much as that it should be said to him.  But the French army between Borodinó and the first of the valley was beginning to set on the front of the French on the road,  and with no difficulties ( The French soldiers say good to the regiments which Dólokhov had taken on the sky) ,  formed a single state service.  The officers addressing the generals,  “ good fellows and leave the part”  or,  and,  as a kitchen with a change that had produced and the effects of which salvation might have been.  With the difficulty of composure and time to the abb tried to be talked,  and continued to each of them,  sometimes,  but they both were and each other by the same excitement.  A she had resolved onnaffairs her,  but yet the superintendent of the doctor who was now called her and asked all she had to say appeared.  “ You know,  you know, ”  she said,  “ I am going to eve them. ”  “ I am not going back, ”  answered Pierre,  perplexed by her feelings.  The first grass,  on a happy while she felt herself quitted for room.  She did not now regard myself as a child,  partial to everyone as he was saying.  Had he screamed Natásha and to another he might have struck her as he might have done the war begun.  Next day she left the room,  the four sharpshooters,  and,  who had risen and was released from the St.  Nicholas began to die for his mother,  and

('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'You can love a person dear to you with a human love for the happiness with the Tsar’ s noble person,  and they would not have been handsome, ”  thought he,  “ and that is,  I am sure. . . ”  “ I am not afraid of him, ”  said Pierre.  “ He is a Freemason, ”  he went on,  growing up.  “ That is the sort of thing I shall surrounded by ladies accomplished that speech. ”  “ Shall you know it? ”  “ Oh,  yes, ”  he replied,  with a smile.  “ Yes,  yes, ”  he said,  “ that’ s a very good fellow. ”  “ Well,  and what of bad business? ”  “ If you decided he had to go, ”  he continued,  “ but I must apologize,  but. . . . . ”  “ I should like to know, ”  said the prince.  “ I know that nothing about it. . . . ”  “ I shall be very well, ”  said he,  “ I have no more to say. ”  “ I was that the countess is in her bad way. ”  “ And I should like to know, ”  he added,  “ and I have a little while you were pleased, ”  and he continued.  “ And I have not been at all surprised by your opinion of Barclay’ s happiness. ”  “ I cannot say that the Emperor Alexander has greatly improved France was over Long;  so fortified him gaily as scarcely able to come in under the grace of that head,  and which he had never seen before him before.  He was entirely')
('pride_matches', ['I am not afraid of', 'I have no more to', 'I have not been at', 'have not been at all', 'been at all surprised by'])
('war_matches', [' he went on, ', ' with a smile. ', 'I should like to know,', ' said the prince. ', 'I should like to know,', ' and which he had', 'he had never seen before'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'It is a truth universally acknowledged. ”  “ If I seem to notice the Austrian general apected that Russian prince not a single man who has fallen in love of the Tsar. ”  “ Was not so much the matter? ”  asked the adjutant.  “ The Russian army,  your excellency, ”  replied the adjutant.  “ Will you be fetched some command it five you at once? ”  “ Your Majesty at the headlam of the Pávlograd hussars,  and as if they are examining us,  the attacks all the squadron, ”  said the Emperor,  turning to the officer who gazed at him.  “ I know that right, ”  he said.  “ I am not afraid of being so stronglyits the. ”  “ The Emperor! ”  exclaimed Kutúzov,  and he bowed voices.  “ The people are talking about to,  Count, ”  he said,  “ I can’ t advise you to. ”  “ Don’ t keep my company for that evening. ”  “ You mustn’ t forget the commissariat depart. ”  “ Hussencing negots the corps and bring something off to ten,  and as if to a hundred rubles,  while from the soldiers were going round the Russian battery,  firing was crouched,  and guns,  at the first shot was it so ped and suddenly beginning.  The foggadeful of the position when it was on first of the French ran into the field of Borodinó to the left flank,  and the French were running down their hill.  “ Now then,  now we must ask the general and turn out sharpening crowd out before the battle,  we must fight,  and we may say:  we must fight,  we must')
('pride_matches', ['It is a truth universally', 'I am not afraid of', 'am not afraid of being'])
('war_matches', ['of the Pávlograd hussars, ', ' turning to the officer', ' and the French were'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'check the logs and the fact that he himself on the other side of the table,  and that he was dead,  and that he smelled by the burning of Russia,  and that he would never have had to die a dim consciousness of state in the frightened and he died.  The French had thrown uprost.  The whole morning of the head chief pricements only took his contempt and steepskirts,  the cockm - rence of edge of the meadays.  The Pávlograds are stationed here beside the routine and Saviour —  that is to rascality and heaven help and wounded and wounded,  and wounded and wounded men,  and the wounded traveled with their strength atone,  the force of all who had time,  having ridden about two near the first and,  with a man in a strange light,  unfamiliar locality,  and love,  as he had done in seeing the Emperor’ s exoterate to Krems.  In the dueration of a certain Frenchman,  the wounded man was driven back to the regiment.  The horse swungarming down by the drones of the cannon and the men,  when he entered,  the battery had already fired continually increasing into its ever —  the same.  He saw the bridge fired in his attitude toward him.  “ Here it is! ”  he shouted.  “ What’ s that? ”  he asked again,  addressing the soldier,  and gaily,  grew still more cheerful and animated.  “ It is not that the French are blue French? ”  said the Frenchman,  smiling gaily and proudly,  with his bagard -  glittered.  “ And I’ ve found it in Moscow. ”  “ Oh')
('pride_matches', ['on the other side of', 'the other side of the', ' and that he was', ' as he had done'])
('war_matches', ['and the fact that he', 'on the other side of', 'the other side of the', ' and that he was', ' and that he would', ' The French had thrown', ' as he had done', 'as he had done in', ' the wounded man was', ' said the Frenchman, '])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'You can love a person dear to you with a human love, ”  she said to herself,  “ for my sake,  to believe us in Hunsford,  is bright and steady,  and lords a word and violent sources of varied way into wisdom and pitied people.  As to one formerly and tranquil in thought.  The whole time of these kinds now we have kept separate into animals again,  and so on what is to doing.  After her other several years of his life,  the pictures,  and fastened in consequence of her features,  health,  and voice and manner of expressinges.  “ How pleasant it is, ”  he added after a pause,  “ that we should be offend by such a sight of how many of them, ”  he added,  “ that I should never dare to do so. ”  “ You should not think about it. ”  “ I am not afraid of him or plwe us how to do it. ”  “ You might be forward very much to your return. ”  “ Thank God, ”  said Wickham too much,  “ if he does not mean to be deceived in his. ”  “ That is not a man. ”  “ Oh,  yes, ”  said Elizabeth drily “ and so good, ”  ( she meant by that, )  “ and to be sure,  I hope there is not to be lived for half so much happiness,  and the whole of my dear cousin’ s asking him that I am sure. ”  “ Mais,  yes,  I will, ”  replied Elizabeth,  “ I am sure,  if I had not been in Hertfordshire;  and,  if,  I should not have')
('pride_matches', ['I am not afraid of', ' I hope there is', ' if I had not', ' I should not have'])
('war_matches', [' she said to herself,', 'she said to herself, ', ' The whole time of', ' he added after a', 'he added after a pause,', 'added after a pause, ', 'I should never dare to', 'forward very much to your', 'very much to your return.', ' and the whole of', ' if I had not', 'if I had not been', ' I should not have'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'It is a truth universally acknowledged,  and even if she could be jealous of the time.  She could not make her understand the marriage,  she had not only to believe her how much she liked it.  She was not only tormented by the demands of happiness.  They consisted of a nature by persons with the elder one by no means and Miss Bennets were partners to her sister;  and Mr.  Collins was not decidedly engaged to her,  in favour grew so well aware that it,  was not to blame;  and,  as they approached the post was filled not cairs,  and,  as she could easily account for the want of money and that he was already known from him,  and that she was the only creature who was clearly,  and definitely accepted.  He spoke little,  as she had mentioned that she had been to love with her,  she turned almost as much to herself.  But there was not enough to hear her;  and she was not afraid of judging properly differently;  and Elizabeth pressed for the daughter’ s sake of saying much more;  “ She is a very agreeable and, ”  said Jane,  “ I dare say. ”  “ I hope you will not leave you. ”  “ I dare say Mr.  Darcy is not often wise in anything. ”  “ Oh,  no,  you must feel it;  but this is a man.  I am sure you will not know him. ”  “ You are not angry that he has not to wait till he came himself. ”  “ Yes,  I must not put it off. ”  “ And do you really think it is very strange, ”  said Mrs.  Bennet,  “ that you should think so? ”  “ Oh,  no, ” ')
('pride_matches', ['It is a truth universally', 'is a truth universally acknowledged,', 'a truth universally acknowledged, ', ' She could not make', 'she was the only creature', 'was the only creature who', ' But there was not', 'She is a very agreeable', 'I hope you will not', 'I dare say Mr. ', ' you must feel it;', 'you must feel it; ', ' I am sure you'])
('war_matches', [' as they approached the', ' and that she was', 'she was not afraid of', ' but this is a', ' I am sure you', 'to wait till he came'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'check the logs and braits of seventy quarters of the innkeeper’ s -  waved ( now he glanced at the shed in his face always white sat in his former white shirt) .  “ What is it?  What is it?  What is it?  What is this?  What is this?  What is needed for? ”  he asked himself.  “ Oh,  yes! ”  exclaimed Rostopchín,  and burst into tears.  “ If you’ re wrong! ”  Pierre did not ask for a moment askance concerning.  The people bew should think that no one has talked and capable of victorious duel,  and that this was essential condition.  “ Hard est m army is burning and some? ”  he asked.  “ I am not afraid of coming. ”  “ I won’ t,  my dear fellow, ”  said Pierre,  looking at the faces of the same question about the reserves,  and he had already reflected in the hussar uniform and the post of the year;  but Pierre was not seized with his hand.  “ Ah,  my dear fellow! ”  he said,  with a smile,  evidently preparing to greet the first door for familiarity and then turning his head,  he saw Bolkónski while he was reading the letter of recommended to him,  who had just courage,  stopped him.  “ No,  mon dear fellow, ”  said Prince Vasíli in an olderous voice,  “ that’ s a true civilian gentleman’ s wife? ”  “ I have a talk with him? ”  asked Pierre,  but the princess begged him to answering her intended question,  joining in the same state of smile.  “ How is it you’ re not in? ')
('pride_matches', ['I am not afraid of', ' with a smile, ', 'in the same state of'])
('war_matches', [' What is it? ', ' What is it? ', ' What is this? ', ' What is this? ', ' he asked himself. ', ' and burst into tears.', ' looking at the faces', 'at the faces of the', ' but Pierre was not', ' with a smile, ', ' said Prince Vasíli in', 'I have a talk with', 'in the same state of'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'You can love a person dear to you with a human love so much,  and for the rest,  Mr.  Bingley himself,  much could understand him.  He could not think it right to do so.  But he knew he must not be long enough.  She seldom listened to anybody for the carriage himself,  and he told her all day,  and would not go on to the same sort of thing.  Jane had already written a few minutes to her sister.  “ If she asked me, ”  said she,  “ to yourself you may consent to my hours of my stay in Hertfordshire.  Be quite great that you are to be deduced by a great readericenture of the younger daughters,  to make them all like if she might have a great deal of curiosity;  make it a manner so long we know such a thing,  that I am inclined to hear such an ill application.  If he wishes to me,  I hope,  that I may safeguise him in the whole course of my intercourse visit, ”  and,  though not a word,  was absolutely resolved to safeguise us that utter Your Majesty,  at Painful scruple whatever might have passed between communication in the Squal of the Emperor’ s sister’ s sister’ s letter.  It was evident that Prince Andrew had expected of him,  however,  to feel the result of his own progress through the study was also opened a boluteonnant of theored term revealed.  They did not at the small group see the day of the late possessor in any case disgarail.  Monday,  who had been informed of the army was a comrade.  A week ran out “ The Pávlograd hussars.  Spene,  to the village to Sload. ”  When once taking')
('pride_matches', ['not think it right to', ' She seldom listened to', ' and he told her', 'Jane had already written a', 'had already written a few', 'my stay in Hertfordshire. ', 'in the whole course of', 'the whole course of my', ' It was evident that', ' They did not at'])
('war_matches', [' But he knew he', ' It was evident that', 'It was evident that Prince', 'was evident that Prince Andrew', 'the result of his own'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'It is a truth universally acknowledged,  that the people is lotted with the rest of a ruler,  but a crowner,  that the peasants of the real value of paper money arise had increased combinations,  in which these doubts was really no longer unlike.  With this interestful refinals,  which few eventually did not give imagination.  Julie had actually pleased to their proposals,  to join up with her father,  and half a pound up,  and a most prelious tone.  She had known that the all Moscow her father’ s persuasions would not wish to disappoint her.  At for the sake of finding only one,  tells unto the few months were sitting in the front of those who fancy in the front,  beside her,  indissoletoned his daughter’ s heart at My sister and sicked-  directed against him.  “ What!  I do with your old parents,  who,  who,  to whom he is giving uplook his son with him a convoy officer on duty.  So you will starting on the hill at the village of Kámenka, ”  got his calèche,  suddenly opened his trade.  “ We’ ll pass it off! ”  shouted the red -  haired,  mounted man in a gray overcoat.  This morning crowd was visible in a sleepy gambler.  “ That’ s a clean -  shaven field, ”  said an artilleryman’ s horse;  a black one guns,  which crept by a like a shak on its saddle and,  bursting into one side of the fire.  The French,  noisily opened out and the jolting the farther between the hill and a red -  haired commander of the borzois and the borzois stucky side horses')
('pride_matches', ['It is a truth universally', 'is a truth universally acknowledged,', 'a truth universally acknowledged, ', 'for the sake of finding'])
('war_matches', ['value of paper money arise', ' to join up with', ' to whom he is'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'check the logs and were not at them.  “ They’ re all wives or children’ s one’ s men killed a man;  take part in a battle what does it. ”  “ Why so? ”  “ Why,  all about sixteen, ”  said the smile,  “ there was a battle at Pakhrá to suve it, ”  said Nicholas.  In a moment it was quiet and unexpected happiness Pierre with his nearness to his sister had fallen,  and felt that it was just then all strange to look at him.  He felt that it seemed to him that he was not a doubt.  He screwed up his heart,  that an arch dog,  and behind him,  in reality,  and for a year later,  he fell asleep to enter that day,  Nicholas no longer,  Natásha betoended to condole him,  or it would not be,  but it would not be believed to immortherniable.  Withinal experience of power,  and the three priests who were over,  Meryton once about half the day was dance,  had been set on solid that shelters the conversation would have the greatest priests;  and some portmante,  called Nicholas a few in the Rostóvs’ son.  Pierre went to the Berg’ s further to see their daughter on the old ladies’ an they had once noticed.  “ Uncle”  himself returned to the customary lady to the Rostóvs’ and she had before had a stern wife’ s.  “ And that’ s all is, ”  she said.  “ Yes,  she’ s fastulous;  for she’ s married!  I could hardly have a very real character,  but I cannot express her mind.  She is quite well.  She')
('pride_matches', ['that he was not a', ' but it would not', 'but it would not be'])
('war_matches', [' take part in a', 'take part in a battle', ' and felt that it', 'to look at him. ', ' He felt that it', 'that it seemed to him', 'it seemed to him that', 'seemed to him that he', 'to him that he was', 'him that he was not', 'that he was not a', ' He screwed up his', ' had been set on', ' Pierre went to the'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'You can love a person dear to you with a human love,  as one se’ s cure! ”  said another,  “ Mr.  Bennet,  that you have not the comfort of thinking a battle. ”  “ Yes, ”  replied the other,  “ that you had a good time for,  very good and your excellency? ”  asked the general.  “ They ought to have them retreated. ”  “ Yes,  it was the third daydream;  your partners!  I could not be angry at having seen too on.  He lets do so.  Heavens his fellow came to them and to take all your family away to have been more than courage than the low ground. . . . ”  “ It’ s impossible, ”  replied the princess,  “ they have to ask too little for the courage of the princess,  —  “ wouldn’ t have been afraid of it.  And I am afraid of you, ”  said Anna Pávlovna,  as they raised the capitals under the heads of the others,  blundered their heads in the crowd.  “ They have all wightly sought an egothequally great man’ s inclinations and le on the head. ”  The princess blushed and went with tears.  “ There is just the one who has hit me in Moscow, ”  said Anna Pávlovna.  “ And who is going to Petersburg,  my dear princess! ”  “ Oh,  my dear,  these terrible and roofs,  and fences of this intriguard agedavernement! ”  The princess saw the pale and deac;  hunching,  and singing that peace was already being sent for Kutúzov to arill,  who was asleep, ')
('pride_matches', [' replied the other, ', ' I could not be'])
('war_matches', [' that you have not', ' it was the third', ' I could not be', ' replied the princess, ', ' And I am afraid', 'And I am afraid of', ' said Anna Pávlovna, ', ' said Anna Pávlovna. '])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'It is a truth universally acknowledged,  the Father Convenine.  She will show what you do,  Anna Pávlovna Schéreral she grabbedience,  is my niece, ”  the princess went on with her kind eyes startled.  “ I have heard nothing of it but what it is in the habit of stopping to say writing so? ”  “ Oh,  without anything! ”  said Pierre,  giving mute.  “ Kuzmínading the peasant —  later, ”  returned Prince Vasíli,  smiling.  “ It’ s such very bad, ”  said the little man,  “ just a chère,  there was nothing to be married,  and everything here is spreading, ”  said Pierre.  Prince Vasíli did not reply,  any more remarkable man but remained silent.  “ They can’ t talk so about such a guards!  One can’ t think so. ”  “ Oh,  do you know, ”  said Pierre.  “ I understand that he is so long since he is always used to be. . . . ”  Pierre interrupted him.  “ But why talk of me? ”  he suddenly said,  as if asking.  “ We were Italian talked about you, ”  he said he,  “ Yes,  but it is they led him back into the hall. ”  He was awaken,  and so it would then be some time for discussed at having passed through his mind he began at once recalled priests and a sense of deal with these words Pierre enter the Council of making dealing athandomes.  The two elder ones particularlyate with one already.  Again Pierre looked into one mirth among his people at the future sister,  and the members of')
('pride_matches', ['It is a truth universally', 'is a truth universally acknowledged,', 'a truth universally acknowledged, '])
('war_matches', [' there was nothing to', 'there was nothing to be', 'Prince Vasíli did not reply,', 'Vasíli did not reply, ', 'But why talk of me?', ' he suddenly said, ', ' and the members of'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'check the logs were to be rested and not to all sides.  The creditors came to her from her eyes,  though her shining with her sister -  shone in her eyes,  and seemed ready most radiant look,  joy.  On the day,  an agitated face,  and brighter face,  both eyes and glittered with self -  possession.  “ I love such a woman! ”  said the Mason,  looking not yet more at Pierre but straight.  “ But do not imagine that a man who has now? ”  said Pierre,  in a voice consciousness of misunderstandings.  “ Yes,  it seems,  that eternal, ”  and thoughts and the criminals did that man ( without removing anything)  he appre into sobs) ,  but he noticed that the glowel continued his story content and knew —  at the moment of making him merchant’ sder of which unsaken it were conflicted.  all theout and silent a crime of pour was the hundred thousand serfs —  as old as often one -  in -  law and failed.  But the other people were still whom the chief steward tried to choose to give up his hand for Rostopchín’ s clever;  and the angry old count’ s voice were saying that the youngest he would be riot?  He took in his hand and kissed it.  “ Yes,  I will, ”  said the countess.  “ You’ re not even more like that,  my dear. . . . ”  “ And it’ s not true. ”  “ I am sure of it. . . . ”  Natásha began to laugh.  “ Oh,  very')
('pride_matches', [])
('war_matches', [' shone in her eyes,', 'shone in her eyes, ', ' said the Mason, ', ' at the moment of', 'his hand and kissed it.', 'hand and kissed it. ', ' said the countess. '])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'You can love a person dear to you with a human love of us for you, ”  continued Mrs.  Gardiner,  “ I am not to blame for not to blame all;  in replyway I shall merely for such words:  I know Mr.  Collins,  who I believe it.  I am not to be happy by him. ”  Elizabeth’ s feelings had no ears intention of propon’ s rash for.  Till the next he is asking whether he intended to come to.  Do not know none? ”  “ Oh,  my dear, ”  replied the coachman.  “ My dear, ”  replied he,  and sat downily in the drawing room.  “ I have the honor to bring it to him if I ought to have another such a thing, ”  said he,  and went on with a quiet voice.  “ Well,  if you’ re here, ”  he said,  and suddenly,  turning to a man who was going to say.  “ Vill you,  Prince, ”  said he,  “ is it true that I am being must have been taken away by the Emperor,  and from the very next day we had a second time to know what is in military life.  But in spite of this is not so much,  for which the Emperor has not seized it and be King of Prussia.  You know I am to know Him,  and I will not pray for God for myself,  but I like to deceive me alone.  You think it for me to know the Emperor personally to a letter in my presence you, ”  she concluded,  laying out of the window and leaning over.  When he had read thus that letter to Princess Mary that little Nicholas had said to him,  “ I am not only to see and I am the most uncomfortable.  I')
('pride_matches', [' I am not to', 'I am not to be', ' But in spite of', ' and I will not'])
('war_matches', ['I am not to blame', 'am not to blame for', ' I am not to', 'in the drawing room. ', 'I have the honor to', ' and went on with', ' turning to a man', 'was going to say. ', 'is it true that I', ' But in spite of', 'But in spite of this', ' for which the Emperor', ' You know I am', 'out of the window and', ' When he had read'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', "It is a truth universally acknowledged,  and that the aim of life of necessity will be arbitrarily selected from the event not shaped lightly of joy for its possibility.  The first part of the events that day he only wanted to see him,  but some accidental meeting,  others like the old count’ s ball,  was a sum,  in general habit,  and was eagerly succeeded in what Catherine the part occurred.  The business was evaded.  The whole surmises,  formed a sharp,  palace not almost always appearing to each other guests.  Count Ilyá Rostóv,  by the members of the committee sat Peter and the guerrierrierrier’ s back,  to the first accompanying the other side of the other chape andapegrity seemed to bu folly.  More than once in reply to M.  deftes of gray horses were already visible in the damp,  Weyrother slipped up in the ground.  By lawless,  the sunshine eyes of our men,  recognizing Pierre,  moved offers into the distance to him,  and bent double rags and with a pieroon on the ground beneath which he stood still.  Count Ilyá Rostóv,  who was living in retirement at the village of grain —  and the division Karp might be able to find out,  Túshin in reply to the officers’ account of what it was then they knew for permission previously and what they had seen for four hours after they were talking when they were to call at the left behind and began speaking.  “ How’ s it all written to Colonel Forster to inform you that day? ”  “ B increased, ”  said he.  “ ' Ha,  ha,  ha,  ha! ’ wrigging! ”  laughed")
('pride_matches', ['It is a truth universally', 'is a truth universally acknowledged,', 'a truth universally acknowledged, ', 'the other side of the', 'written to Colonel Forster to'])
('war_matches', [' The first part of', 'The first part of the', ' The business was evaded.', 'The business was evaded. ', ' Count Ilyá Rostóv, ', 'the other side of the', ' More than once in', ' Count Ilyá Rostóv, '])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'check the logs of the basis of the matter overf asked him whether he had been some time abroad.  Pierre answered the bufficers with a hood and cordial pity at the Tsar.  He did not believe it and did not believe it.  He felt that he was in his place and that he was being caught by the arm of a man,  who would pass and advised Pierre by Zdrzhin and was being fulfill?  He was seized by an aloof of its spirit.  Natásha was still different from him.  He was particularly anxious and confused,  glanced at his father and,  who was finishing his second time and did not reply.  Pierre tried to excuse this,  evidently not to believe either.  But death did not reply,  to questions and especially to him,  and he knew so on.  He was silent awhile,  and then went into the middle of the room.  It was an unexpected criticisive,  but suddenly struck Pierre as a pound weight on his seems as if nast probability of life it was inevitable to be realized:  he did not because he was there.  He knew that when he did not even speak,  he did not know how to hand it.  “ Nothing but misfortune can come continually about as this. . . ”  Prince Andrew did not reply,  but Prince Andrew knew that it would be difficult to get in spite of an officer’ s wound and loamp ec body.  The doctor told him something had left behind him.  He was told that he was dying of hesitating,  but something had happened to speak in his mind.  He was conscious that he was as a man who was now,  on the contrary he was now silent.  After dinner he went silently to his daughter,  and with her husbandlike,  as if asking him whether')
('pride_matches', ['he had been some time', ' he did not know'])
('war_matches', [' He did not believe', 'He did not believe it', ' He felt that he', 'He felt that he was', ' He was seized by', 'and did not reply. ', 'and especially to him, ', 'into the middle of the', 'the middle of the room.', 'middle of the room. ', 'because he was there. ', ' He knew that when', 'He knew that when he', 'knew that when he did', ' he did not know', 'he did not know how', 'did not know how to', 'Nothing but misfortune can come', ' Prince Andrew did not', 'Prince Andrew did not reply,', ' but Prince Andrew knew', 'that it would be difficult', 'it would be difficult to', 'would be difficult to get', ' He was told that', 'He was told that he', ' He was conscious that', 'He was conscious that he', ' on the contrary he', 'on the contrary he was', ' as if asking him'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'You can love a person dear to you with a human love and respectable,  and not to admit that self -  reflecting on in it as if she did not trust herself.  But as soon as she was alone to act,  she had now two men at least learnt to some one of the ladies.  She had a very great deal of inquiry,  so near a tear economerical,  poetic in comparisonment,  so early the perfection of 1813hies or his feastingness,  nor would have told him the story of the catafletal.  He was confident how his looks and how much the matter was in the subordinate,  but which was just what he had been saying when he learned to another day.  His face was so cheerful,  and his voice was dimly seen that all was worthless and even unpleasant.  He could not see at all the time when he spoke of the self -  conscious pleasure of his father’ s illness,  and of his death —  and the possibility of death.  He felt himself still more irritable.  His position and his future activity,  which,  held his whole life,  and his whole life —  and his whole life —  with death —  the possibility of death —  the welfare of death —  the death of the vicissed boys and those fields to death,  and during the six months they had now knew that were presented to him as the envoy hurrying them —  a flounding round and a man —  moved a man on his way to build a house on his bank of the neck.  As  “ Leppich is singing a hundred tour of panilgrim, ”  he pointed to the French who was talking loudly and then more incessantly to the Russians.  The Russians and they crossed')
('pride_matches', [' But as soon as', 'as soon as she was', ' and the possibility of'])
('war_matches', ['as if she did not', ' But as soon as', 'But as soon as she', 'a very great deal of', 'what he had been saying', 'he had been saying when', ' His face was so', ' He could not see', 'when he spoke of the', ' and the possibility of', ' and his whole life', ' and his whole life', ' the possibility of death', ' the death of the', ' he pointed to the', 'he pointed to the French'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'It is a truth universally acknowledged,  that a girl who had neither witnessed.  Not till then came to call up the militia,  they were kept out,  the clergy,  and which praise where.  Lasted Belóva had fallen with the Emperor would not be completed on the front;  a soldier was sitting in the leather like a dog.  Dunyásha enfantsarging abbés,  and a few domestics were influenced by the traveers in their army and the traveler,  the manushes as though not his elbows on the game.  “ Why this is calculated? ”  asked Nicholas.  “ Because I have noticed that something should happen? ”  “ Yes,  but it will be so, ”  answered Sónya,  trying to speak but remember.  “ I don’ t want to, ”  said Natásha.  “ Let us talk.  I don’ t want to you all.  I want to. ”  “ Let me say that you are cross for me! ”  “ I’ ll sacrifice everything and I’ ll have to put out my ruin. ”  “ And I’ ll show you,  your honor, ”  said the Frenchman,  and holding on the shawlass with his mustache.  “ Morel! ”  “ C’ est unlucky.  It is delightful! ”  “ It is not!  They say so, ”  wanted Nicholas to himself,  but Natásha interrupted him.  “ What is it? ”  “ She has a blessing,  and so happy! ”  “ Of course she will! ”  “ I don’ t, ”  and she’ s married!  Tver never mind what')
('pride_matches', ['It is a truth universally', 'is a truth universally acknowledged,', 'a truth universally acknowledged, '])
('war_matches', ['the Emperor would not be', 'Because I have noticed that', ' but it will be', ' said the Frenchman, ', ' but Natásha interrupted him.'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'check the logs and of the serfs’ .  “ Well,  I’ ll tell you what a very important matter! ”  said the count,  giving his hand to his bald head shining in dissatisfaction and impiscent,  his purpose.  “ What,  Count? ”  asked the count.  “ He is in danger? ”  “ And what against him?  His will? ”  “ Because he is young,  and the coming outburst! ”  “ I am all the same, ”  said Rostóv.  “ What a delightful woman all the baby. ”  “ Ask her husband, ”  answered,  and a footman.  “ It’ s all the same. . . . ”  “ What? ”  asked Daniel Teréntich,  who had hitherto been silent,  was silent,  and when did suddenly from the morosely pretty little town,  Natásha came in to see him.  She was looking at him,  evidently looking with a smile of fever.  “ It will not do for you as well. ”  “ No,  I’ ll do it, ”  Natásha concluded.  “ Then I won’ t let you go! ”  She glanced at the countess and seeing her master’ s goat and smiling.  “ You’ ll go to the child? ”  asked the cook to a fourth.  “ Come along! ”  said she.  “ Do you know,  I am going to look for the princess’ eyes.  She is very pretty,  but I’ m so happy and timidly when you are watching. ”  “ Yes,  and what of that? ”  “ Why')
('pride_matches', [' I am going to'])
('war_matches', [' said the count, ', ' giving his hand to', 'Because he is young, ', ' who had hitherto been', 'who had hitherto been silent,', ' She was looking at', ' She glanced at the', ' I am going to'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'You can love a person dear to you with a human love and duty to destroy him as a man as to marry your friend as to marry her,  is very ill.  You may,  have had such men as you my friend, ”  she went on,  “ that my father would not be married!  My wife is so melancholy.  Till I lift him but I do not understand.  But what is meant for? ”  Prince Vasíli did not know.  “ I don’ t know what a millionot attempt at present,  but there’ s not on all sides, ”  said the interpregnery till no further loss with evident intention of anger,  and the count’ s efforts there moved and blocking the way to Moscow,  beside the fire,  and all that was unpleasant feeling was dying by both those of self -  satisfaction that had been dare not make him die before his eyes.  He had never been in his eyes and in spite of the dullest she was,  most attentive and hurried,  merely indifferent to herself.  He solved the question that tormented him and the abbé,  to gratify herself,  was fully confirmation of a scene before tears,  and was unconsciously convinced that she was no longer in the same way of examining pleasure.  “ I. . . ”  said Prince Andrew when he had gone from the book he had begun toain in utmost and which was more offended at the door.  “ As bearing my Charlotte’ s,  I will there be no more for my sake. ”  “ I will talk of having a long time Prince Andrew today at my station, ”  said the son with a familiar voice,  “ is that it is not too young,  so young,  that is the absence of the society”  —  “ I,  and')
('pride_matches', [' He had never been'])
('war_matches', ['as to marry her, ', ' is very ill. ', ' she went on, ', 'the way to Moscow, ', ' and all that was', ' He had never been', 'in his eyes and in', 'and in spite of the', 'that she was no longer', 'she was no longer in', 'was no longer in the', ' said the son with', 'said the son with a', 'is that it is not'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', "It is a truth universally acknowledged,  but I will have had to relate. ”  “ And you,  cousin? ”  “ I have now quite turned up learning a leader, ”  said the Mason,  “ and that is his natural self -  forgetfulness.  I always medals,  and can’ t live to see them.  I am all up frankly —  that’ s the way he had wished to,  to do good -  natured,  amie in his heart and tried to werthics. . . .  So I told them all. ”  “ No, ”  said Pierre,  and began to tell Lise.  “ Yes,  yes,  I do understand from, ”  he said to himself,  and went to the little of his usual daughters.  The countess called Borís and girls greeted the day.  “ Borís says Nicholas can’ t, ”  ( he meant that business with his mother “ his son is an angle wrong he,  but if he would not have put it on the honor of his son’ s old gentleman’ s son.  “ Good -  by! ”  said she.  “ Well,  and so. . . ”  “ Oh,  only devil knows what this would be? ”  “ I like it, ”  replied Prince Andrew.  “ It is clear the ' twks me’ it!  Well their knocking it up with tears. ”  “ Why,  this nasty, ”  said the captain.  When Pierre ran forward,  thought he returned to the general,  much more than once he had but the care of this world for a reminiscences.  After dinner")
('pride_matches', ['It is a truth universally', 'is a truth universally acknowledged,', 'a truth universally acknowledged, '])
('war_matches', [' said the Mason, ', 'in his heart and tried', 'his heart and tried to', ' he said to himself,', 'he said to himself, ', ' and went to the', ' The countess called Borís', ' replied Prince Andrew. ', ' said the captain. ', 'more than once he had'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'check the logs and the serfs and men of men and women’ s vehicles and men crowded closer together.  One of vehicles and gets moved closer together.  The longer they shouted the freshly different horses,  wonderfully one trodden and games together,  as they were all strang down and puffed up the difficult but clear in the same way.  “ Shall I like your report,  Mamónov’ s battle will be lost. ”  “ Oh,  thank God! ”  cried Prince Andrew in a piercing voice.  “ In Moscow to promise,  I did not Russia! ”  he said,  evidently unable to understand what was being carried out,  and unable to believe this explanation:  he in Russian bay voice,  “ the first trusted M,  and I did not leave you in my benefactor, ”  said he.  “ There now,  Rostóv,  you are so dizzy!  But the hussars and war has justice. . . .  Oh,  how terrible!  But if only I have asked the sovereign eloquent counted me up to the police.  In the yard at eight had gone.  The men were all strains of the nobility,  and their men had friends for all right.  They could not let them see him —  let him be the food and Dólokhov. . .  That manage Pétya was even glad and even of it.  He treated him with the gross of the window cot.  “ I shall not be talking about till I’ m after all, ”  he replied.  When he got out from the to his intention of age.  “ Is not like this to be warriors,  service this senseless,  and shows on the Russian army sh')
('pride_matches', [' as they were all', 'in the same way. '])
('war_matches', ['in the same way. ', ' cried Prince Andrew in', 'cried Prince Andrew in a', ' evidently unable to understand', ' and I did not', ' The men were all', ' They could not let'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'You can love a person dear to you with a human love. ”  “ Oh,  my dear, ”  cried Mrs.  Gardiner,  “ I wish you could be seen.  The most people wish of them.  They may,  that is overwhelmed with other bodies and whic of the threepes. ” reshed Darcy,  however,  he could hear a words from one who was looking at the other,  and at the same time,  “ and at the very great deal of night.  On the contrary,  he has lost a little man,  but have no clear to him, ”  she said,  with a cold glance at her sister -  in -  law.  “ I never saw a woman coming in.  I was higher up. ”  “ Yes,  it is a beautiful light.  I want to be clear something,  but between you I want to know what it is, ”  said the stranger.  When Natásha ran out of the room she caught sight of a frightened and,  taking her eyes to have a smile of pleasure,  her face,  Nicholas smiling when she saw his usual and feeling of shame in vain and disagreeable,  to get his wife —  that she had not been so young,  and Sónya,  and Natásha had the mortification of Sónya,  of seeing Mary with just such a question to come to her about her upstairs.  Two grown brilliant expressed their treaties and children,  a secret of an hussar’ s health,  an old girl and an old girl who talked about his friendship.  Nicholas,  all the same,  comfortable,  and all these people had appeared in an invalible misfortune,  one of a most solemn old,  fine young man,  with a man of amiable qualities.  He was admitted to that in the ranks,')
('pride_matches', [' and at the same', 'at the same time, ', ' On the contrary, ', ' I want to be', 'ran out of the room', ' that she had not'])
('war_matches', [' and at the same', 'and at the same time,', 'at the same time, ', ' On the contrary, ', ' it is a beautiful', ' I want to be', 'I want to know what', 'When Natásha ran out of', 'Natásha ran out of the', 'ran out of the room', 'a smile of pleasure, ', ' that she had not', ' all the same, '])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'It is a truth universally acknowledged,  but I don’ t believe it. ”  “ A great deal more than in Russian, ”  their spirit,  and hoped that no less than the man could sit by them.  But neither could the resolute more important impression his face,  despite the whole trepidation of his actions,  the more he rode round to the right,  the pulse and the cheap,  tunches myself on him for the forest,  and over the village Elder.  The general was still as a commanders of genius as best commanders asows of actions the Sparrow to well.  If the moment of a battle of victory gained a little need,  where strange secl General Würgw Bolkónski was occupied by the French, ”  and outburst that news was repeatedly formed.  The news of the battle of Borodinó was a victory.  They were taken place at the right time in that other that other fighting were more important than sixteen and all,  to the left,  and to the right across the river by the road.  “ Lieutenant,  I have a look at you, ”  said the adjutant.  “ In my opinion perpetual peace is crimes to right.  We rises right.  I tell you,  two,  three,  and three guests -  six inches while I put them to be private.  Oh,  where the next day the young Prince Vasíli,  the group was a tall,  fair,  and finally so. . . ”  “ Ah,  yes!  A man who’ s a thing!  With such precision,  to his cousin,  he died in a year -  room and lay down on the ground,  like a bird tree.  Opass voice,  when')
('pride_matches', ['It is a truth universally', 'is a truth universally acknowledged,', 'a truth universally acknowledged, ', 'A great deal more than', ' to his cousin, '])
('war_matches', ['was occupied by the French,', ' The news of the', 'The news of the battle', 'news of the battle of', 'of the battle of Borodinó', 'the battle of Borodinó was', 'battle of Borodinó was a', 'of Borodinó was a victory.', 'place at the right time', ' to the left, ', ' and to the right', 'to the right across the', ' said the adjutant. ', 'In my opinion perpetual peace', 'my opinion perpetual peace is', ' I tell you, ', ' With such precision, ', ' room and lay down', 'room and lay down on', 'and lay down on the'])
('context', {'DIMENSION': 256, 'EPOCHS': 1, 'VOCAB_SIZE': 5000, 'CONTEXT_WINDOW': 4, 'SEQ_LEN': 100, 'TEXT_TYPE': 'both', 'NUM_HEADS': 16, 'NUM_LAYERS': 6, 'DFF': 512})
('text', 'check the logs and snorted,  and wolves on the cold,  motionless.  There was a terrible significance of him,  from the cold lilgrace among the French,  which struck him in so much as that it should be said to him.  But the French army between Borodinó and the first of the valley was beginning to set on the front of the French on the road,  and with no difficulties ( The French soldiers say good to the regiments which Dólokhov had taken on the sky) ,  formed a single state service.  The officers addressing the generals,  “ good fellows and leave the part”  or,  and,  as a kitchen with a change that had produced and the effects of which salvation might have been.  With the difficulty of composure and time to the abb tried to be talked,  and continued to each of them,  sometimes,  but they both were and each other by the same excitement.  A she had resolved onnaffairs her,  but yet the superintendent of the doctor who was now called her and asked all she had to say appeared.  “ You know,  you know, ”  she said,  “ I am going to eve them. ”  “ I am not going back, ”  answered Pierre,  perplexed by her feelings.  The first grass,  on a happy while she felt herself quitted for room.  She did not now regard myself as a child,  partial to everyone as he was saying.  Had he screamed Natásha and to another he might have struck her as he might have done the war begun.  Next day she left the room,  the four sharpshooters,  and,  who had risen and was released from the St.  Nicholas began to die for his mother,  and')
('pride_matches', [])
('war_matches', [' There was a terrible', ' But the French army', 'to each of them, ', ' perplexed by her feelings.', 'perplexed by her feelings. ', 'who had risen and was'])
